fix(docs): Auto-detected typos (#5135)
SeldonIO/seldon-core: docs/source/contents/drift/index.md

:language: yaml
```

> Usually you would run these model in an asynchronous part of a Pipeline, i.e. they are not connected to the output of the Pipeline which defines the synchronous path. For example the CIFAR10 image detection example uses a pipeline as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually you would run these model in an asynchronous part of a Pipeline, i.e. they are not connected to the output of the Pipeline which defines the synchronous path. For example the CIFAR-10 image detection example uses a pipeline as shown below:
```
